Report for December 2022:

I started working at the company on December 23rd, 2022 and met with HR and IT supervisor, as well as other interns. I was able to get an overall idea of the job role and the company. On December 27th, I received a project and began studying C# programming language, including basic concepts, conditionals, and loops. I also connected the database to Visual Studio and started working on the project. I created a login page interface and connected it to the database. I also participated in a Shramadana campaign at the office. Additionally, I began learning about methods, classes and objects, arrays and strings, inheritance, and polymorphism in C#.

Report for January 2023:

I started the new year with a meeting with supervisors. I completed the home page of the project, created a data entry page with functionality to insert, show, and delete data. I implemented data validation and cleaning methods and created a data table for banks and added it to a dropdown box. I also implemented an auto data loading function and a function to add data to a log table. I designed and completed a data log page. I also implemented a new design for the login page and began converting the project to an MVVM architecture. I researched and implemented the MVVM architecture. I connected the login page to the database and fixed issues with icons not showing. I learned about the Windows Entity Framework. I worked on the project's login page and main window using the MVVM architecture, fixed bugs, and learned about WordPress for the company website. I worked on a task to filter data from the database based on user input and load it to a datagrid. I worked on the project, fixed bugs, and exported grid view data to a txt file. I continued learning about C#, including structs, enums, exceptions, files, and generics. I also worked on adding accNo detail column to SQL tables and adding it to interfaces. I also worked on organizing the project into the MVVM architecture. I worked on a task to get data according to user input in C#, filtering data from the database for some user input, and loading it to a datagrid. I worked on the project and fixed bugs.